in the second level which the author
Nassau Islands
a picture from the field just that
capital face same work itself on all these posts
reconsider we always take one
motion
in one country for example who got into
plane
with the vertical behind the position again
let's see how
that we have to go all the movements
when we unfold
cubit
and you apply back
and here we are talking about movement
in one direction so in the other direction
means what
work the face of movement
already very long and hard that myself
typo
we even got to work
four lane road
suppose from myself
we start to turn the white movement
We lead Kadyrov around the circle
so upset back
the torus itself is the other side
belan in the same way
we are not afraid to turn around you
must earn
so right hand such here
of course there are leftists exactly the same
like the country itself
so the other way
the other way and turn and
will happen
the law of the heat of one
passed checks
same as we twist on top
but snow
but in front
left hand is exactly the same
start and walker floor a little higher
diploma and medal to him already shared
on Monday
on board was not understand
above even spinning either for yourself
either by yourself
but you can make a pause
stop
whole election year like
No cynicism
You can also already combine
that is a bargain same dance items
only one of the movements in various
planes
eg
we do and we will get to do
two circles on top here yourself in two circles
dream then move on one lap
so let's go
starting wiring
self movement
when it will be
only one bear at first
show
we do
turnover from above
on a straight arm go down
just go to the top
already at 2